Publish /docs to github pages (#265)
operator-framework/operator-controller: docs/Tasks/explore-available-packages.md

---
layout: default
title: Exploring packages available for installation on cluster
nav_order: 2
parent: Tasks
---

> The packages available for installation/recieving updates on cluster can be explored by querying the `Package` and `BundleMetadata` CRs: 

Reviewer: spelling:
```suggestion
The packages available for installation/receiving updates on cluster can be explored by querying the `Package` and `BundleMetadata` CRs: 
```

> The packages available for installation/recieving updates on cluster can be explored by querying the `Packages` and `BundleMetadata` CRs: 

Reviewer: Ditto

operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.12               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.13               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.14               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.15               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.16               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.17               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.18               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.19               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.20               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.21               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.22               3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.0.9                3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.1.0                3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.1.1                3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.1.2                3m58s
operatorhubio-ack-apigatewayv2-controller.v0.1.3                3m58s
.
.
.
``` 

> Individual `Pacakage`/`BundleMetadata` CRs can then be explored more by retriving their yamls. Eg the `operatorhubio-argocd-operator` CR has more detailed information about the `argocd-operator`: 

Reviewer: Spelling:
```suggestion
Individual `Package`/`BundleMetadata` CRs can then be explored more by retrieving their yamls. Eg the `operatorhubio-argocd-operator` CR has more detailed information about the `argocd-operator`: 
```
